docs: prettier home page for the documentation portal (#309)
allinbits/cosmos-cash: docs/How-To/chain_001_faucet.md

# Get Testnet Tokens (Faucet)

> The Cosmos Cash native token denom is `cash`.  Assuming that a keypair has been created with the follwing command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cosmos Cash native token denom is `cash`.  

A keypair is created with the following command:
```

```sh
cosmos-cashd keys add alice
```

> to obtain obtain `cash` tokens for the alice account from the testnet faucet use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain obtain `cash` tokens for the alice account from the testnet faucet, use the following command:
```

Reviewer: let's use sentence grammar, and add that missing comma; the colon before the command is helpful for readers to know a command is next
